Also don't like Wasteland static missions seems like repetitive / boring.
Had a simple mission for Epoch Server back in the day, randomize location / loot / randomized groups of AI's different range from mission aswell.
Plus had a heli that would S+D between mission sites aswell.
Just to keep players on there toes..
Not sure if i will bother with missions, need to see how it works out

Plus thinking about add a HC for civilian AI in the warzone, and players get punished for killing civilians...
Makes players not shoot everything that moves.... i.e is that truck driving a road (friendly / hostile / neutral).

Hospital ONLY for full heal !
Out of order signs on ATMS that are not used


enable termals on all vehicles. vehiclesetup.sqf disableITequipment = false
improve cleanup script to remove money.
Change towable and liftable objects
Bigger backpack by default ?
Add micros camera script
reduce flares on jets
Add radius to vehicle capture.
Call heli taxi
Make airwreck treasure mission in random location in mission.
Make airdrop missions.
Change near/medium/far distances.
Put locks on doors.
Mines invisible ?
Obfuscate code.
Put in mission encryption for some files.
Voice punisher
Add full description on how long vehicles save for when cars and vehicles are deleted etc
All more information in mission scheduler in BERcon scheduler
AI should have rockets for air and land
Player extended armor off ....
AI increase set damage to make them a bit easier to kill
Clean up outposts ?
Un Nerf assault boat mortar

Money missions should only spawn when a certain percentage of players are on.

Detect slow server FPS and Auto restart with warning.


Put in server restart countdown onto player hud
Put server uptime on to player view

Destroy a lot of garages/fuel stations.

In game buildings that are indestructible 
Garage repairer
Factories
Offices
Schools

Mission idea.
Wire a whole town to blow up ... big reward if bomb disarmed
Assault the island mission AI should have a lot of static AA launhers. Naval mines ?

Shacktac Hud

Fix toss ropes battle eye restriction

Randomise Heli spawns.

Put in sling loaded only items.

Different Money values depending on which terratory captured.
ie: Rolling hills wind farm at the south east cornter of the map.

Put Auto cannons on spawn island to protect spawning players

Brand new players get 100k on start

Confirm commander god view not enabled.

Experience Point missions and XP for kills.

Tax player bank for team kills

Territory capture money should be saved and reloaded from the side you were on.

Put in signs and flags at general stores gun stores etc
Put in wind socks at airports.




Introduce ranking system
Higher rank more weapons /vehicles available

town invasion supply crates are not all locked.




We have a cache mission. How about Hidden Cache Mission?

A hidden cache spawns within 300m of the mission marker, and is 'buried' in a pile of dirt or a grave.

Players must first find the cache, then have a brief animation (60 seconds) to simulate digging it up.

It may be a small gun box or a big backpack with lousy or awesome weapns, or explosives or mines, filled with ammo, filled with random scavange/nvg/whatever, or a pile of money, or food and water, or repair/med kits, or a fuel or water barrel. But it is random. There are no AIs. Mission ends when it is dug up.

What it does:
By having to find the cache, it puts pressure on the searchers as they look for the cache while worrying about getting attacked. By not knowing the contents, it creates a pavlovian response.


Proposed Additions:
1) We would still greatly appreciate a "reloading" aspect for vehicles, helos, and air. This would make the capture of such units more valuable knowing that they could be reloaded. Perhaps a reloading point would be better due to known "glitchers" i.e. a combat helo towing an ammo truck and being constantly reloaded... or a tank towing an ammo truck...
2) New missions are recommended, to include the bounty mission. Perhaps a mission that makes use of the Large Group.
3) I made the mortars and other static weapons much cheaper to entice their usage, however, I've found that the mortar never runs out of ammunition...
4) I've noticed new ATM/Banking machines throughout the map, could these points somehow be incorporated as banking systems so that players could save money they've made?
5) There are also new Food Stands, could this be used to buy food, water or energy drinks?

Proposed Additions:

1) Would it be possible to add an ammo truck mission or have resupply points for captured attack helos / or vehicles with weapons?
2) Would it be possible to add a couple of other fun missions like bounty hunt or the infamous serial killer on a quad bike? Just something to spice it up.

